Fixes #9796 - Add PSReadLine dynamic help info to Get-Help doc (#9808)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Get-Help.md

help files in the locale set for Windows, then in the parent locale, such as **pt** for **pt-BR**,
and then in a fallback locale. Beginning in PowerShell 3.0, if `Get-Help` doesn't find help in the
fallback locale, it looks for help articles in English, **en-US**, before it returns an error
message or displaying autogenerated help.

For information about the symbols that `Get-Help` displays in the command syntax diagram, see
[about_Command_Syntax](./About/about_Command_Syntax.md). For information about parameter attributes,
such as **Required** and **Position**, see [about_Parameters](./About/about_Parameters.md).

> [!NOTE]
> In PowerShell 3.0 and PowerShell 4.0, `Get-Help` can't find **About** articles in modules unless
> the module is imported into the current session. To get **About** articles in a module, import the
> module using the `Import-Module` cmdlet or by running a cmdlet that's included in the module.

Beginning with **PSReadLine** v2.2.2, the module ships with two functions that provide quick access
to help while you are typing a command on the command line. The help is displayed in the terminal in
an alternate screen buffer with paging.

> When you hit <kbd>F1</kbd> key, the **PSReadLine** `ShowCommandHelp` function invokes

Reviewer: I think this should be either "hit the <name> key" or "hit <name>".

```suggestion
When you hit the <kbd>F1</kbd> key, the **PSReadLine** `ShowCommandHelp` function invokes
```

```suggestion
When you hit <kbd>F1</kbd>, the **PSReadLine** `ShowCommandHelp` function invokes
```

`Get-Help -Full` for the cmdlet name closest to the left of the cursor. When the cursor is
immediately to the left of a parameter, the function jumps to that parameter's description in the
full help topic. When you hit <kbd>Q</kbd> to exit the help view, you are returned to the command
line at the same cursor position so you can continue typing the command.

> When you hit <kbd>Alt</kbd>-<kbd>h</kbd> key, the **PSReadLine** `ShowParameterHelp` function

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this one either. We might want some standard language for our docs on how we talk about using key chords like this.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
When you use the key combination <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>h</kbd>, the **PSReadLine** `ShowParameterHelp` function
```

I think we also use `<FirstKey>+<SecondKey>` typically rather than `<FirstKey>-<SecondKey>`.

Author: I did a search on `-` vs. `+` for our kbd markup. We are not consistent but `+` is the majority. I will fix.
